It is possible to fit linear models that look like non-linear models,
by adding higher order terms, like interactions,
quadratics, cubics, and even higher order values to your model.
Though these higher order terms might allow you to better predict your response,
I often shy away from using these types of terms,
unless I specifically see the relationship in the data.
Adding these terms makes interpreting the results of your data more complex,
and the interpretations you had for lower order terms,
like the slopes on square footage,
or for the slope on the level of a categorical variable,
are no longer easily interpreted when these terms show up in higher order terms.
Let's try adding some of these higher order terms to your model,
just so you can see how they might work and how to identify when to use one.